welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
three
we start off with morgan who has shaved
his epic beard no
it was getting a little scraggly i guess
probably for the best remember he's the
godfather now for the new baby girl
named after him and his home base is
here in this hidden damn valley village
with the mother morgan's ready to rescue
his own pregnant girlfriend grace and
the rest of his friends bring them all
down here to have a nice happy
settlement and so to get ready for his
fight with virginia he's updating his
weapon
combining the stick with the axe oh it's
a long-handled stick axe yeah
the rest of this episode focuses on al
and dwight the job virginia's given them
is to go clear old settlements that have
fallen and find out what happened they
wear body cameras so they can record
everything just like al loves to do and
they've been at it a while they've made
a game where they're collecting driver's
licenses from every state
looking for that elusive alaska this
place was apparently a funeral home and
i was ambushed by an incredibly well
preserved zombie hair on point meanwhile
al has a secret she found the radio
channel that her girlfriend from the
helicopter is using and is listening in
dwight's like yo girl i've probably lost
my love sherry forever if yours is still
out there you gotta go get her of course
elle's girlfriend has orders to shoot
anyone not already in the helicopter
civilization on site so that might be a
problem they head to a tall building
downtown whose roof is apparently where
she's gonna land in a little bit and
right outside they find a zombie from
alaska well that's good luck they find
some graffiti here the end is the
beginning yes that's what the guys from
episode 1 were painting on the nuclear
submarine so watch out for that living
in this building is a group of random
survivors they have a problem though a
bunch of them are sick right now and al
who's a reporter been all over the world
has seen this before
all the rats in the building yeah this
is literally the bubonic plague
it's like yo there's nothing we can do
unless we happen to find a bunch of
antibiotics these people are all already
dead so dwight now climb in the building
fighting off zombies then climbing
through the pipes where there's even
more rats al's being smart wearing her
mask dwight doesn't though and oh he
catches the plague
although they realized symptoms wouldn't
show up that quickly he probably caught
it a few days ago when there was a rat
in the sleeping bag anyway they meet up
with the office leader she's gonna help
him get to the roof they've got a bunch
of zombies here these are all the ones
of her settlement that have already died
and they
take them out together using random
office furniture she cries a bunch when
she kills a zombie she was apparently
pretty close to and so al gives her the
driver's license from alaska because
that was her friend too so now dwight
now say goodbye al's going to go try to
convince her helicopter girlfriend not
to shoot her but instead fly off
together into the sunset dwight
meanwhile is going to go find some
antibiotics while on the roof i'll watch
is the video goodbye
dwight left for her and i guess these
two have become bffs lately so she's
like you know what i changed my mind she
sets off a flare and contacts her
girlfriend like hey you don't want to
land here this building's got the
bubonic plague
the girl doesn't really say anything
like she's happy to hear from al because
i think her boss is listening in but
she's like hey thanks for the heads up
there's beer in the cooler for you and
flies away
turns out there's not just beer in the
cooler there is a big old box of
antibiotics so she goes down cures
everyone of the bubonic plague it's like
hey so should we join your group it's
like no you don't want any part of our
group right now but maybe if we escape
virginia we'll meet up later on their
way out finds the rat cage and it's like
you know what someone probably put these
bubonic playgrass here on purpose and it
was probably the group that spray
painted the end as the beginning so
watch out for that just then someone
reaches out on the walkie hey i saw the
flare on the roof what's going on over
there dwight's like wait a second i know
that voice
it is his wife sherry oh my goodness he
actually
found her right at the beginning of the
season these two kiss passionately
an epic love story going back to the
walking dead prime when they were
separated by negan
and now reunited and that's where the
episode comes to an end
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member